noneNone
North Korea has threatened  indiscriminate  nuclear strikes against South Korea and the US if they push ahead with joint military drills.
The exercises, set to involve tens of thousands of troops, are an annual manoeuvre and always generate tension.
The order for a  pre-emptive nuclear strike of justice  was made in a statement put out by Pyongyang.
Such rhetoric is not uncommon and experts doubt the North s ability to put nuclear warheads on its missiles.
Last year, North Korea threatened to turn Washington into a  sea of fire . 
North Korea sees the annual US-South Korean war games as a rehearsal for invasion.
Can South Korea defend itself?
Dealing with the North: Carrots or sticks?
These latest exercises - called Foal Eagle and Key Resolve - will involve about 300,000 South Korean troops and 15,000 US personnel, the largest ever such operation.
They come just days after the UN passed new sanctions against North Korea following its recent nuclear test and rocket launch.
On Saturday, the Philippines impounded a North Korean cargo vessel under the toughened measures.  A presidential spokesman said the crew would be deported and the ship subject to a UN-mandated inspection.
The North responded to the sanctions by saying it was readying nuclear weapons for  pre-emptive  use, and by firing short-range missiles into the sea.
The US and South Korea on Friday also began formal talks on the deployment of the US missile defence system to the peninsula, a move strongly opposed by North Korea, Russia and China.
Beijing says the Thaad anti-missile system compromises its security and would undermine its nuclear deterrent.
What is the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense System (Thaad)?
None
None
None
None
None
The launcher trucks can hold up to eight interceptor missiles.
Turkish and EU leaders gather in Brussels for an emergency summit as thousands of migrants remain stranded on the Greek border with Macedonia.
Is it possible for an Italian to enjoy a Starbucks coffee?
Watch the legendary loco s magnificent return
The biscuit shortage bringing Britain to its knees
Why this man is obsessed with infernos
Why do medals make people happy?
Why men are paying more to get married in modern China
Eight women who proposed, plus other fine reads
The week s big numbers visualised
And other trends of the week
