noneNone
Marco Rubio has won the latest contest in the battle to be the Republican presidential candidate, a day after being urged to quit the race.
With more than a half of votes counted, Mr Rubio has more than 70% of the vote in Puerto Rico.
Despite his second victory in the state-by-state contest, Mr Rubio still trails Donald Trump and Ted Cruz.
On Saturday Mr Trump called for a  one-on-one  battle with Mr Cruz, urging other rivals to quit the race. 
Trump and Cruz seek  one-on-one  battle
How radical are Trump and Cruz?
Clinton v Sanders: The progressive battle
While the win in Puerto Rico - a US territory - will boost Mr Rubio s campaign, it sends just 23 delegates to the Republican convention which nominates a presidential candidate. Republican hopefuls need the votes of 1,237 delegates to get the nod for the presidential race proper.
In the Democratic race, Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton are awaiting the outcome of a nominating contest in Maine, and preparing for a Sunday night debate in Flint, Michigan.
Speaking after wins in the Republican Kentucky caucuses and Louisiana primary election on Saturday, Mr Trump told a news conference:  I would love to take on Ted Cruz one on one. 
 Marco Rubio had a very very bad night and personally I call for him to drop out of the race. I think it s time now that he dropped out of the race. I really think so. 
Meanwhile, Texas Senator Mr Cruz - who won Republican caucuses in Kansas and Maine - said he believed that  as long as the field remains divided, it gives Donald an advantage .
The full primary calendar
Turkish and EU leaders gather in Brussels for an emergency summit as thousands of migrants remain stranded on the Greek border with Macedonia.
Is it possible for an Italian to enjoy a Starbucks coffee?
Watch the legendary loco s magnificent return
The biscuit shortage bringing Britain to its knees
Why this man is obsessed with infernos
Why do medals make people happy?
Why men are paying more to get married in modern China
Eight women who proposed, plus other fine reads
The week s big numbers visualised
And other trends of the week
